sort of an outdated way to train don't
you think shouts I thought you were
still hiding under a rock
please it's been years since I lost that
tournament and you'll find as many
things in chairs you thought you were so
Swift with your little new form well now
I've got one of my own fresh from the
living world oh how exciting
hey that's our party so how much weight
does he put off - that wasn't surprising
The Voice y-yeah oh of course it was
why would I be surprised I have my old
fighter
his name's Pat boy he saved the South
quadrant from something very nasty
thanks for them joke all you want but
the fact remains if my father is much
stronger than Goku I only wish I could
have been there to win that door to me
really well it just so happens that
another championship is being held on
planet earth so who's going to be
fighting at it so why don't you have
your pet boy fighting it - what do you
say huh
well you heard folks my boys here hey go
go
why don't you try using some heavier way
hmm all right how much do you think I
should put on some tie
let's say hey four times on each one
don't be foolish
that would be tears of peace and time
don't you think that's a little much I
will be able to move Jesus I've talked
north cars that came to show off was
just another one of his pathetic jokes
Soto just make yourself a Super Saiyan
huh oh okay but that almost makes it too
easy huh huh hey thank you here do you
think you might want to do the honors
and change its way well I'd love to now
you do realize that Ken Jeong teaches 40
turns it all right ha ha
are you sure you want to stay oh yes
baby when you get hurt
tournament will take place in 28th
birthday so now I bet that boy can't
wait to buy local girls we all just
remember Bob boy hairs on the place you
know
we all know you can't break in a date so
sighs it'll probably be a boring
tournament anyways